slack app beta launch blog post (#17128)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/slack-app-beta.md

---
date: 2026-05-29
title: "How an @mention becomes a PR with the PostHog Slack app"
author:
  - cleo-lant
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Template_cover_14_0da4d45933.jpg
featuredImageType: full
category: Blog
tags:
  - Product
  - AI
---

> Some issues surface from product data. [PostHog Code](/code) catches those by monitoring for [signals](/docs/posthog-code/inbox/research) and proactively fixing them. Other issues surface from people, like when a colleague flags a UI thing or a customer mentions a bug. Those are signals too, so why do they tend to end up in the backlog?

Reviewer: 1. Starting with "some" is weak
2. The logical flow is product data -> issues

```suggestion
Product data reveals issues. [PostHog Code](/code) catches those by monitoring for [signals](/docs/posthog-code/inbox/research) and proactively fixing them. People also reveal issues, like when a colleague flags a UI thing or a customer mentions a bug. Those are signals too, so why do they tend to end up in the backlog?
```

> Because most of it's boring, and not an urgent thing in front of you. Or it's invisible work, never tagged as someone's job.

Reviewer: What is "it" referring to here? Issues revealed by people? 

```suggestion
Because most issues are boring, and not an urgent thing in front of you. Or they are invisible work, never tagged as someone's job.
```

> So make it a robot's job. With the PostHog Slack app, you @mention PostHog to "fix this" or "build that". It spins up a sandbox, makes a plan, edits files, runs checks, opens a draft PR, and answers review comments in the thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So make these issues a robot's job. With the PostHog Slack app, you @mention PostHog to "fix this" or "build that". It spins up a sandbox, makes a plan, edits files, runs checks, opens a draft PR, and answers review comments in the thread.
```

> It uses your product data as context by default and follows your repo's rules, so it feels less like a coding tool and more like a clever teammate (it even reacts with [emojis](/docs/slack-app#emoji-cues)). Today it hits beta, so you can @PostHog now, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PostHog Slack app uses your product data as context by default and follows your repo's rules, so it feels less like a coding tool and more like a clever teammate (it even reacts with [emojis](/docs/slack-app#emoji-cues)). Today it hits beta, so you can @PostHog now, too.
```

## @PostHog in the #papercuts channel

> [Paul D'Ambra](/community/profiles/30173) (engineer exec) was the first to fall in love with @PostHog. Among other important [blitzscale](/teams/blitzscale) duties, he owns the `#papercuts` Slack channel, where anyone can post the small bugs and nits they hit in the app. He'd been fixing them with PostHog Code like a good engineer. Now he mentions @PostHog in 60% of the total threads.

Reviewer: The next sentence sort of reveals his title and I don't think it matters a ton for this.
```suggestion
[Paul D'Ambra](/community/profiles/30173) was the first to fall in love with @PostHog. Among other important [blitzscale](/teams/blitzscale) duties, he owns the `#papercuts` Slack channel, where anyone can post the small bugs and nits they hit in the app. He'd been fixing them with PostHog Code like a good engineer. Now he mentions @PostHog in 60% of the total threads.
```

![Paul mentions @PostHog in #papercuts](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_papercuts_1_877de83ae8.png)

![Paul D'Ambra prompts @PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_paul_d_1_90f2841d58.png)

<CalloutBox icon="IconPullRequest" title="The resulting PR" type="fyi">

<Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/58811" external>PostHog/posthog#58811</Link>

</CalloutBox>

## Real prompts that became actual PRs

> It's awesome when a prolific engineer gets even more productive, but what makes @PostHog *really* magical is that it's a force multiplier for every role. Sales, marketing, customer support – anyone can tag the bot with a bug, a papercut, or a feature idea.

Reviewer: I feel it's less a force multiplier and more empowering people to do things they've never done before. 
```suggestion
It's awesome when a prolific engineer gets even more productive, but what makes @PostHog *really* magical is that it empowers every role. Sales, marketing, customer support – anyone can tag the bot with a bug, a papercut, or a feature idea.
```

Clearing CI is as much of a job as the code generation itself, and the bot sticks with a PR through red checks and reruns until it's mergeable.

### The one where it prepared for a user interview

It's not just code generation. You can tag @PostHog with a data question and it runs the same agent loop as [PostHog AI](/ai). The only difference is that answers turn up where you're already working (i.e. wasting time searching for the perfect reaction emoji).

[Cory Slater](/community/profiles/34160) (product manager) asked @PostHog to pull context on a [Session Replay](/session-replay) user he was interviewing that afternoon. The bot came back with a full brief: account value, product usage, how long she'd been a customer.

Then it went further. In addition to detecting zero [MCP](/docs/model-context-protocol) activity, it noticed she works across two PostHog projects with replicated feature flag configs. The bot flagged it as odd and suggested Cory ask about that in the interview. Clever robot.

![Cory Slater prompts @PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_cory_s_2_cde3716078.png)

> *Want to steal Cory's user interview skill? We're building a skill library with all our best agent skills.*

Reviewer: I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do with this as a reader, is there somewhere I can subscribe to or look at for when this will be available. Feels like it's missing a link.

### The one where it updated the company handbook

[Lizzie](/community/profiles/43387) (product marketer), asked in #team-marketing what URL format to use when linking to the PostHog app in emails. She got an answer in the thread – then asked @PostHog to write it into the company [handbook](/handbook). She didn't specify which repo, but the bot figured it out.

![Lizzie prompts @PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_lizzie_1_a6f77f3495.png)

<CalloutBox icon="IconPullRequest" title="The resulting PR" type="fyi">

<Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/pull/16957" external>PostHog/posthog.com#16957</Link>

</CalloutBox>

### The one where it did the logs legwork

> [Lucas Ricoy](/community/profiles/33028) (product engineer) asked @PostHog to check whether a recent <Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/58177" external>PR</Link>, which aimed to tag WebStats queries by strategy for better performance visibility, actually worked. It turned out the logs API was returning stale data (which threw off the bot). But once Lucas confirmed the cutover had happened, the bot not only confirmed the new ones were appearing, but also that one query – `stats_table_path_bounce_query` – was showing up as a bottleneck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Lucas Ricoy](/community/profiles/33028) (product engineer) asked @PostHog to check whether a recent <Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/58177" external>PR</Link>, which aimed to tag WebStats queries by strategy for better performance visibility, actually worked. The logs API was returning stale data (which threw off the bot), but once Lucas confirmed the cutover had happened, the bot not only confirmed the new ones were appearing, but also that one query – `stats_table_path_bounce_query` – was showing up as a bottleneck.
```

It's not, and here's why: the PostHog Slack app understands your codebase and your product data. It doesn't merge its own work. It follows a rigorous review process, and runs a flurry of tests (which most engineers would rather not do).

If CI fails, it fixes the failure. If you add a review comment, it addresses the comment. It pokes you when the PR sits idle until the merge is clean or it runs out of ideas.

The code generation that lands from one sentence prompts are surprisingly good. So good that even [Cory Watilo](/community/profiles/30200), our resident webmaster, is pleased to @PostHog.

![Cory Watilo reacts to @PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_cory_w_1_762cab2a86.png)

*(Sure, we could make this stuff up, but we don't have to.)*

<CalloutBox icon="IconPullRequest" title="The resulting PR" type="fyi">

<Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/59432" external>PostHog/posthog#59432</Link>

</CalloutBox>

## For when the question needs an answer (not code)

Generating PRs with @PostHog in Slack is so easy it feels illegal, and it's a glimpse at what the [self-driving product](/blog/self-driving-product) means in practice.

> But despite being a coding agent, it won't answer every @mention with a PR. That's down to a pleasingly simple guardrail: every @PostHog mention runs through a two-stage classifier before any work happens:

Reviewer: It's weird having two `:` in one sentence. Also, "but despite" is redundant. 
```suggestion
Despite being a coding agent, it won't answer every @mention with a PR. Every @PostHog mention runs through a two-stage classifier before any work happens:
```

1. **Task classifier** – Does this request need repo access, or is it analytics/data/config?
2. **Repo router** – If it does require code generation, which GitHub repo does it go to?

Both classifiers use Claude Haiku (tiny, fast, cheap) and we track latency and cost with [AI Observability](/docs/ai-observability).

This simple routing is why Paul's prompt "*@PostHog can you generate a team photo of team blitzscale as the Spice Girls*" – was correctly classified as non-actionable work.

![Paul's Spice Girls prompt](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_paul_2_e5c3312ba5.png)

Paul was disappointed, but the bot knew what it was doing.

## Try it

The PostHog Slack app is in beta – we skipped alpha by [dogfooding](/product-engineers/dogfooding) it to the extreme.

It's free to install, and free to uninstall when you realize this means you can ship production code from your phone (which, frankly, might be too much power for anyone).

<p>

> 	<CallToAction to="/docs/slack-app/setup">

Reviewer: We need to make sure this link works before merging

		Connect Slack
	</CallToAction>
</p>

> ## FAQ

Reviewer: We generally use detail expands for FAQs, but up to you if you think that looks better:

http://posthog.com/blog/best-mobile-app-ab-testing-tools#faq

> **Why use this over Cursor, Claude Code, or Codex?** They write code once you prompt them. PostHog is connected to your product data, so you can start from a problem – tag @PostHog with a message like "conversion dropped on signup". It finds the cause in your analytics and replays, explores solutions, and opens a PR to propose a fix. No hopping between a dashboard, a replay tab, and your editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Why use this over Cursor, Claude Code, or Codex?** Other tools only write code. PostHog is connected to your product data, so you can start from a problem – tag @PostHog with a message like "conversion dropped on signup". It finds the cause in your analytics and replays, explores solutions, and opens a PR to propose a fix. No hopping between a dashboard, a replay tab, and your editor.
```

**Is it a better coding model?** No. It runs the same frontier models everyone else does. The difference is context – an agent that can read your funnels, replays, and errors is working from evidence, not guessing at what matters.

**Is it an analytics agent or coding agent?** Both, in one thread. Explore data and build in the same conversation.

**Does it just open a PR and walk away?** No. It sticks with the PR through failing checks and reruns until it's mergeable – we call that babysitting. On a big repo, getting through CI is often more work than the code.

**Will it touch our whole codebase?** It only touches repos you connect, and every change goes through a PR you review. Nothing merges without a human saying yes.

> **Do I need to be an engineer to use it?** Not at all! It's a Slack message. People in sales and marketing have merged PRs to our main repo. Describe the problem or idea, and the agent takes it from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do I need to be an engineer to use it?** Not at all! It's a Slack message. Our sales and marketing teams regularly use it make fixes to our main app. Describe the problem or idea, and the agent takes it from there.
```

---

> date: 2026-05-29

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
date: 2026-06-02
```

> title: "How an @mention becomes a PR with the PostHog Slack app"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "We put PostHog in Slack and now everyone's an engineer"
```

author:
  - cleo-lant
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Template_cover_14_0da4d45933.jpg
featuredImageType: full
category: Blog
tags:
  - Product
  - AI
---

> Today, we're releasing the PostHog Slack app into beta.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today, we're releasing the [PostHog Slack app](/docs/slack-app/setup) into beta.
```

We built it for those times when a colleague flags an annoying UI quirk, or a customer mentions a bug. The issues that normally end up on a backlog, untouched and ignored.

With the PostHog Slack app, you **@PostHog** to "fix this" or "build that". It spins up a sandbox, makes a plan, edits files, runs checks, opens a draft PR, and answers review comments in the thread.

> The PostHog Slack app uses your product data as context by default and follows your repo's rules, so it feels less like a coding tool and more like a clever teammate (it even reacts with [emojis](/docs/slack-app#emoji-cues)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The app uses your product data as context by default and follows your repo's rules, so it feels less like a coding tool and more like a clever teammate (it even reacts with [emojis](/docs/slack-app#emoji-cues)).
```

> Powered by [PostHog Code](/code), the PostHog Slack app uses your product data as context by default and follows your repo's rules, so it feels less like a coding tool and more like a clever teammate (it even reacts with [emojis](/docs/slack-app#emoji-cues)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The PostHog Slack app uses your product data as context by default and follows your repo's rules, so it feels less like a coding tool and more like a clever teammate (it even reacts with [emojis](/docs/slack-app#emoji-cues)).
```

---
date: 2026-05-29

> title: "How an @mention becomes a PR with the PostHog Slack app"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Fix your product with @PostHog, now in Slack"
```

Not married to this idea, but I don't like the fallback headline here. The whole `@mention` bit is confusing and the "How XYZ" framing makes this read like a case study.

Author: Fair. Possibly "@ PostHog – the Slack bot that runs queries and opens PRs"

But that's dry... Maybe let's not use the @mention at all.
What happens when you put PostHog in Slack
We put PostHog in Slack – analytics, coding and chaos ensued

author:
  - cleo-lant
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Template_cover_14_0da4d45933.jpg
featuredImageType: full
category: Blog
tags:
  - Product
  - AI
---

Product data reveals issues. [PostHog Code](/code) catches those by monitoring for [signals](/docs/posthog-code/inbox/research) and proactively fixing them. People also reveal issues, like when a colleague flags a UI thing or a customer mentions a bug. Those are signals too, so why do they tend to end up in the backlog?

Because most issues are boring, and not an urgent thing in front of you. Or they are invisible work, never tagged as someone's job.

So make these issues a robot's job. With the PostHog Slack app, you @mention PostHog to "fix this" or "build that". It spins up a sandbox, makes a plan, edits files, runs checks, opens a draft PR, and answers review comments in the thread.

> The PostHog Slack app uses your product data as context by default and follows your repo's rules, so it feels less like a coding tool and more like a clever teammate (it even reacts with [emojis](/docs/slack-app#emoji-cues)). Today it hits beta, so you can @PostHog now, too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today, we're releasing the PostHog Slack app into beta.

We built it for those times when a colleague flags an annoying UI quirk, or a customer mentions a bug. The issues that normally end up on a backlog, untouched and ignored.

With the PostHog Slack app, you **@PostHog** to "fix this" or "build that". It spins up a sandbox, makes a plan, edits files, runs checks, opens a draft PR, and answers review comments in the thread.

Powered by [PostHog Code](/code), the PostHog Slack app uses your product data as context by default and follows your repo's rules, so it feels less like a coding tool and more like a clever teammate (it even reacts with [emojis](/docs/slack-app#emoji-cues)).
```

Reviewer 2: @cleo-pleurodon you're burying the lede a bit here by not starting with the news that the Slack app in beta. Flipped the order to fix this.

Reviewer 2: feel free to tweak the exact wording btw

Here's a few examples of @PostHog usage across the org chart:

### The one where it built a new feature for the web app

[Will Wearing](/community/profiles/41941) (technical account manager) asked @PostHog to add support to copy and paste for markdown into PostHog [notebooks](/docs/notebooks) with proper rendering. The bot wrote the code, added 20 test cases, and auto-closed a related stale GitHub issue.

![Will Wearing prompts @PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_will_w_1_5398cb556b.png)

<CalloutBox icon="IconPullRequest" title="The resulting PR" type="fyi">

<Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/59142" external>PostHog/posthog#59142</Link>

</CalloutBox>

Worth noting: <Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog" external><code>PostHog/posthog</code></Link> is a massive production repo that most people in a sales role would never feel empowered to touch. Will's PR got merged in less than 24 hours, and the only hiccup was a flaky test (nothing wrong with the code, just CI being CI).

> Clearing CI is as much of a job as the code generation itself, and the bot sticks with a PR through red checks and reruns until it's mergeable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog" external><code>PostHog/posthog</code></Link> is a massive production repo that most people in a sales role would never feel empowered to touch. Will's PR got merged in less than 24 hours, and the only hiccup was a flaky test (nothing wrong with the code, just CI being CI).

Clearing CI is as much of a job as the code generation itself, and the bot sticks with a PR through red checks and reruns until it's mergeable.

<CalloutBox icon="IconPullRequest" title="The resulting PR" type="fyi">

<Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/59142" external>PostHog/posthog#59142</Link>

</CalloutBox>
```

Reviewer 2: Best to respect the article format and just put the PR callout at the end.

### The one where it prepared for a user interview

It's not just code generation. You can tag @PostHog with a data question and it runs the same agent loop as [PostHog AI](/ai). The only difference is that answers turn up where you're already working (i.e. wasting time searching for the perfect reaction emoji).

[Cory Slater](/community/profiles/34160) (product manager) asked @PostHog to pull context on a [Session Replay](/session-replay) user he was interviewing that afternoon. The bot came back with a full brief: account value, product usage, how long she'd been a customer.

Then it went further. In addition to detecting zero [MCP](/docs/model-context-protocol) activity, it noticed she works across two PostHog projects with replicated feature flag configs. The bot flagged it as odd and suggested Cory ask about that in the interview. Clever robot.

![Cory Slater prompts @PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_cory_s_2_cde3716078.png)

> ### The one where it updated the company handbook
> 
> [Lizzie](/community/profiles/43387) (product marketer), asked in #team-marketing what URL format to use when linking to the PostHog app in emails. She got an answer in the thread – then asked @PostHog to write it into the company [handbook](/handbook). She didn't specify which repo, but the bot figured it out.
> 
> ![Lizzie prompts @PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_lizzie_1_a6f77f3495.png)
> 
> <CalloutBox icon="IconPullRequest" title="The resulting PR" type="fyi">
> 
> <Link to="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/pull/16957" external>PostHog/posthog.com#16957</Link>
> 
> </CalloutBox>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

we have one too many examples here imo. drop this one as it's the least interesting / weird.

Author: I'd like to keep it in! 

- marketing use case
- specific callout to the bot's repo picking smarts
-  shows how fast you can share company knowledge when there's no friction

Reviewer 2: I don't feel strongly, just feels a bit overstuffed atm.

- **Net new features** – UX additions, new screens and capabilities, setup scripts, scaffolding whole new products.

## Why it doesn't feel like chaos

You'd expect engineers to hate this. A bot opening hundreds of PRs for them to review, non-technical people shipping AI-generated code to production – that sounds like [a mess](/blog/stop-ai-slop)!

It's not, and here's why: the PostHog Slack app understands your codebase and your product data. It doesn't merge its own work. It follows a rigorous review process, and runs a flurry of tests (which most engineers would rather not do).

If CI fails, it fixes the failure. If you add a review comment, it addresses the comment. It pokes you when the PR sits idle until the merge is clean or it runs out of ideas.

The code generation that lands from one sentence prompts are surprisingly good. So good that even [Cory Watilo](/community/profiles/30200), our resident webmaster, is pleased to @PostHog.

![Cory Watilo reacts to @PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/slackbot_cory_w_1_762cab2a86.png)

> *(Sure, we could make this stuff up, but we don't have to.)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

a bit cringe
